This directory contains MFPTO2K, a utility program to convert the two data
sets that define hydraulic head and flow observations from MODFLOWP input
files to input files for MODFLOW-2000.  The program is written in FORTRAN 77
and is designed to work with input files prepared for MODFLOWP versions 3.0
and later.

The user specifies the name of the NAME file used for the MODFLOWP
simulation and a file name base to be used to generate one or more files to
be used as input for MODFLOW-2000.

The "BAS" file, "BCF" file, "PAR" file, and any "DATA" files that contain
MODFLOWP input data, which are listed in the NAME file, need to be
accessible to the program from the directory where the program is invoked by
using the pathnames listed in the NAME file.

File names are generated as the user-supplied file name base, a "."
character, and a 3-letter extension.

In MODFLOWP, data set 6 is used to specify head-observation data.  If the
MODFLOWP input file(s) contain head-observation data, MFPTO2K will write a
file with the extension "hob" containing the head-observation data in the
form required by MODFLOW-2000 for a HOB file type listed in the NAME file.

In MODFLOWP, data set 7 is used to specify flow-observation data for cells
specified in input for the River, Drain, General-Head Boundary, and
Streamflow-Routing Packages.  If the MODFLOWP input file(s) contain
flow-observation data, MFPTO2K will write one to four files containing the
flow-observation data in the form required by MODFLOW-2000 in input files
corresponding to the package used to simulate the head-dependent flow cells.
Data for flow observations at head-dependent flow boundaries are written to
files as indicated in the following table:

                       IBT in MODFLOWP  File name  MODFLOW-2000
Package                  DATA SET 7     extension   file type 
---------------------  ---------------  ---------  ------------
River                         1            orv        RVOB
General-Head Boundary         2            ogb        GBOB
Streamflow Routing            3            ost        STOB
Drain                         4            odr        DROB

This program has been tested; however, it may contain errors.  Users are
encouraged to check the file(s) generated by this program to ensure that the
observation times and observation values correspond correctly to the data in
the MODFLOWP input file(s).  Please email comments to erbanta@usgs.gov
